LATEST 6TH GENERATION INTEL CORE i7 PROCESSOR Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support the new Intel 6th Generation Core i7 processors, codenamed Skylake, brings significant improvements to gaming performance, multiple application data processing, and 4K video transcoding delivering superb performance leaps as the next platform for extreme gaming.   INSANELY POWERFUL The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design.  Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments.   DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level.   GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming.   2X FASTER MSI USB 3.1 Gen2Transferring your favorite games, music and movies over USB has never been faster. USB 3.1 Gen2 enables lightning fast transfer speeds up to 10Gb/s!   AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display.   NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARDTechnology originally developed for the military fighter jets, Nahimic specializes in 3D sound software processing and audio improvements offering virtual 7.1 sound in immersive high definition. Designed to work with standard audio and stereo equipment, Nahimic transports gamers into the action, allowing them to sense every footstep, hear every bullet whizzing past, and feel every explosion. Nahimic highlights even the smallest sounds, intensifies gameplay by boosting bass, and reducing exterior noise pollution for optimum in-game voice clarity and comprehension. It also features a high definition audio recorder to easily capture and stream studio quality sound. This new technology is exclusive with MSI gaming laptops.  STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously.   KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager.   SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today.