The new, faster computer that keeps getting better and better.Boots up in 10 seconds, resumes instantly and loads web pages blazingly fast.Built-in apps and thousands more from the Chrome Web Store.Multiple layers of security  so you dont need to install anti-virus software.Save your stuff safely in the cloud and never lose another file or photo.Chromebooks are designed to use Internet apps  to access software that lives primarily on the Web  rather than inside the computer itself. You can create documents and  spreadsheets and edit photos on a Chromebook using Google apps designed  for these purposes, but Chromebooks do not run traditional PC software. Instead of storing your documents, videos and  photos on your computer, you save them to Google Drive (Google's  cloud-based storage service) and you can access them from  anywhere there's an Internet connection. If you know you'll want access  to a file or photo offline, you can easily save it to the built-in SSD  for offline access.Chromebooks are easy to use, and dont slow down over time. They have built-in security, so youre protected against viruses and malware. They come with apps for all your everyday needs, and keep your files safely backed up on the cloud. And with free, automatic updates, your Chromebook keeps getting better and better.Chromebooks automatically update themselves: all of your apps stay up-to-date, and you get the latest version of the operating system without having to think about it.Chromebooks require almost no setup, so you can go from unboxing to doing in minutes. Unlike other computers, you dont need to spend hours installing patches and software.Portable, powerful, coolerThe Samsung Chromebook's dual core processor delivers exceptional performance and battery life in an ultra-slim package. And unlike traditional computers, it has no fan or moving parts, which means it stays cooler on your lap and runs silent (no humming, unless you're listening to music).google.com/intl/en/chrome/devices/goodies.html for more information.Create documents, spreadsheets, presentations, and drawings with apps like Google Docs, Zoho and SlideRocket. With productivity apps, you can collaborate in real-time with others, access your documents from any computer, and have your files backed up automatically. Access other everyday files using the built-in PDF and document viewer.With 100GB of free Google Drive storage for two years, you can keep all of your apps, documents, favorites, and settings safe and securely accessible from anywhere. You dont have to bother downloading and installing any applications onto your hard drive. More storage in the cloud (see larger image).You can enjoy better control using a large multi-touch touchpad With a  glass coating and image sensor it provides a stylish and convenient way  to use your Chromebook. Oversized, multi-touch touchpad (see larger image).The keyboard is optimized for Chrome with a dedicated search key, a row of web-enabled keys, and a comfortable, full-size layout that doesnt cramp your fingers.The Chromebook has a range of ports, including HDMI and USB 3.0/2.0 ports, to enable greater flexibility for sharing data and multimedia playback. Its unique hinge design makes it easier to connect all of your peripherals.