SEE GAMING DIFFERENTLY WITH NVIDIA G-SYNCSee gaming differently with breakthrough NVIDIA G-SYNC display technology. By synchronizing the display refresh rates to the GPU, G-GYNC eliminates screen tearing and minimizes stutter and input lag to deliver the very best gaming experience. Objects look sharper and gameplay is fluid and responsive to give you a serious competitive edge.   UNLOCKED AND OVERCLOCKED FOR EXTREME PERFORMANCEThe ultimate gaming machines require the most powerful processor. Using the latest CPU architecture and faster DDR4 memory support, the new Intel 6th Generation Core i7 K processor is the most powerful mobile processor in the world.  For extreme performance shift into high gear with MSI's Shift technology. Push the limits of the Intel K processor for the smoothest game performance, handle multiple applications with ease and see 4K content without a hitch.    INSANELY POWERFULThe NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M Series brings extreme, next-generation graphics performance to serious gaming notebooks. Reaching performance levels higher than last generations high-end GTX 880M , the GeForce GTX 970M delivers desktop gaming performance in a ultra-portable design.  Enable antialiasing for a smooth and realistic gaming experience. Feel the difference with NVIDIA PhysX technology, bringing games to life with dynamic and interactive environments.    DDR4 MEMORY SUPPORT Get the best possible performance out of your notebook with support of the advanced DDR4 memory. With over 32% faster performance than previous generations, DDR4 is the new standard to take your gaming experience to the next level.   PCI-E GEN3 x4 SSD  LOAD GAMES IN SECONDS Get in the game before everyone else with the latest PCI-E Gen 3.0x4 bandwidth utilizing NVMe technology on single M.2 SSD. Harness the full performance potential of the Gen 3.0 SSD through the optimization of the hardware and software outputting extreme read speeds up to 2200MB/s, 5x faster than SATA3 SSD's.    THUNDERBOLT 3 Transfer massive files faster than ever with up to 40Gbps transfer speed. Get more pixel power with dual 4K displays and extend your field of view with daisy chain capabilities. Even charge your mobile phone, tablet and any device faster on-the-go or at home (support up to 3A current).    GAME FOREVER WITH COOLER BOOST 3 Play hours on end with an intelligently and efficiently designed dual fan cooling system with Cooler Boost 3. Drawing heat away from both the CPU and GPU with designated heat pipes significantly reduces heat generation and increases heat dissipation for stable gameplay after hours of gaming.    AN EYE OPENING EXPERIENCE WITH TRUE COLOR TECHNOLOGY See the world for what it is using MSI's exclusive True Color Technology. Precisely calibrated to deliver vibrant colors, stunning details, and sharp images, True Color Technology brings the colors of the world right to your display.    NAHIMIC VIRTUAL SURROUND SOUND - MILITARY TECHNOLOGY, THE NEXT GAMING STANDARD Fill the room and feel the bass with Dyanudio high fidelity speakers, acoustically tuned to perfection to deliver unheard of quality fit for any audiophile.  Drop the beat or feel the thunderous roar of the battlefield with an integrated subwoofer.  Get an extra boost in performance for your audio with built-in dedicated bass, speaker, and headset AMPs, gold plated for maximum audio transfer. Add dynamics and punch to every gunshot, explosion and gaming sound with stunning surround effects, producing an incredibly realistic surround sound experience even from just a pair of headphones or stereo speakers.    STEELSERIES GAMING KEYBOARD - SWIFT. ACCURATE. POWERFUL Gain the unfair advantage, day or night, with the agile gaming keyboard by SteelSeries. Play with accuracy with the well-spaced and strategically designed key layout. Feel the difference with tactile feedback for quick responses and anti-ghosting capabilities to detect multiple key actions simultaneously.    KILLER SHIELD - PROTECTING YOUR PING Stop losing games to lag with Killer Shield, the latest networking technology from Killer. Protect and prioritize networking traffic while preventing lag spikes so you can game without fear and play at your best. Select programs you want your network to prioritize to ensure maximum bandwidth and track your speeds with the easy-to-use Killer Networking Manager.   KILLER DOUBLESHOT PRO Dont let lag ruin your experience. Max out the performance of your network with Killer DoubleShot Pro, supporting both Killer E2400 LAN and dual band 802.11ac Killer Wireless for improved latency and smoother online gameplay.    SHOW OFF YOUR SKILLS TO THE WORLD XSplit Gamecaster lets you easily record your gaming moments and broadcast your live gameplay sessions to Twitch, YouTube, UStream and more. It's simple, easy to use and ideal for sharing your gameplay with the world. So what are you waiting for? Join the revolution and start streaming and recording with XSplit Gamecaster today.