Designed for power users and the most demanding applications. the Samsung 840 PRO SSD provides unrivaled read, write and multi-tasking performance.  Built for the real world, with no moving parts reducing the risk of damage  from shock, while using the latest in security technology including AES 256-bit encryption.  Its ultra-efficient design means up to 50 minutes longer battery life compared to competitor SSD's and HDDs.  From the world's #1 memory manufacturer, it's time to get the speeds you want and the performance you need.
				    	
					Designed for professionals and demanding applications, the SSD 840 PRO provides exceptional read, write, and multi-tasking performance. It's built for the real world, with no moving parts to reduce the risk of damage from shock, while using the latest in security technology including AES 256-bit encryption. Additionally, its ultra-efficient design means increased battery life. This version of the 840 PRO Series SSD has a capacity of 512 GB.Performs the most demanding computer tasks more quickly than typical hard disk drives and improves battery life in laptops. View larger.With Samsung's 840 PRO Series SSD, everyday tasks on your desktop or laptop PC become faster and more responsive, providing workstation-class performance for seamless video editing or the ultimate gaming experience. The 840 PRO is capable of delivering quick sequential read and write speeds--up to 540MB/s and 520MB/s respectively--for ultra-fast file transfers. In addition, the SSD features exceptional random speeds with 100K IOPS (read) and 90K IOPS (write) for the fastest real-world performance*. And it provides superior write performance for non-compressible data like images, music, videos and .ZIP files.The 840 PRO Series SSD is made to provide consistent, excellent performance through its entire lifetime even under extremely heavy workloads. Like all Samsung SSDs, it is designed and built completely in-house at Samsung using the highest industry standards and advanced Samsung memory technology. And, as with other solid state drives, the 840 PRO has no moving parts, which means no hard-drive spin-ups, no noise, and superior data protection**.The 840 PRO allows you to keep up with demanding workloads while safeguarding your data. Advanced AES 256-bit ATA full disk encryption provides worry-free data security. And the 4th generation Samsung MDX controller technology and firmware ensures long-term sustained performance under the most punishing conditions. At only 7 millimeters thick and weighing just 2 ounces, the 840 PRO Series SSD has a sleek, lightweight design that can make your laptop lighter to carry.And because it contains no moving parts and features an ultra-efficient design, it consumes little battery power, allowing you to enjoy up to 50 minutes more of laptop battery life than a standard hard disk drive (HDD) or other solid state drive (SSD)***. It also supports Device Sleep mode for Microsoft Windows 8 and Haswell chipsets, which helps reduce overall power consumption.Samsung's Magician software includes business-friendly features that make it easy for IT managers to monitor and maintain the health of the 840 PRO Series SSD, including Self-Monitoring, Analysis and Reporting Technology (SMART) Support.This SSD has a usable capacity of 512 GB, offers 512 MB of Samsung DDR2 SDRAM cache memory, and has a SATA 6b/s interface that is compatible with SATA 3 Gb/s and SATA 1.5 Gb/s. It measures 7.00 by 69.85 by 100.00 millimeters (H x W x D) and weighs 62.5 grams.The 840 PRO Series SSD is backed by a five-year warranty.840 PRO Series SSD, Samsung Smart Data Migration Software, Samsung SSD Magician software and manual CD, and quick user manual.*Real-world performance based on PC Mark 7 performance versus leading competition (http://www.anandtech.com/show/6328/samsung-ssd-840-pro-256gb-review/6)** Incompressible data performance based on AS-SSD Sequential Write performance versus leading competition (http://www.anandtech.com/show/6328/samsung-ssd-840-pro-256gb-review/2)*** Up to 50 minutes longer battery life versus standard HDDs and some competitor SSDs