Designed with mobility in mind, Samsung's durable, ultra premium, lightweight Series 9 laptop (model NP900X3E-A02US) offers mobile professionals and power users a sophisticated laptop equally suited for work and entertainment. Featuring a minimalist look that is both simple and sophisticated, its polished aluminum uni-body design offers an iconic look and feel that pushes the envelope with an edge just 0.5 inches thin. This Series 9 laptop also includes a brilliant Full HD 1080p 13.3-inch SuperBright Plus display with HD+ technology, 128 GB Solid State Drive (SSD), 4 GB of system memory, and up to 9 hours of battery life.It's powered by a third-generation, low-voltage Intel Core i7 dual-core processor, which provides breakthrough digital media management, content creation, and 3D gaming capabilities. With updated Intel Turbo Boost Technology, the latest Core i7 increases speed automatically for whatever you're doing. And you'll enjoy a rich set of new features for a stunning and seamless visual PC experience with no additional hardware.This Series 9 laptop features one super-speed USB 3.0 port--the latest development in USB data transfer technology. Perfect for transferring and retrieving large files between your PC and an external hard drive or digital camera, USB 3.0 offers the speediest, most efficient way get what you need from external devices. (It also has a standard USB 2.0 port, plus USB 3.0 is backward compatible.)It comes pre-installed with the Microsoft Windows 8 operating system. Note: This Samsung laptop does not include an integrated optical disc drive, but you can connect an optional CD/DVD drive via one of its USB ports.Form meets function in the Series 9 display screen. It's twice as bright as a standard screen, has an unmatched viewing angle at 170 degrees, and features SuperBright Plus display HD+ technology that transforms your viewing experience with 300-nit brightness so you see brilliant color and images even when viewing in direct sunlight. And with HD+, you can fit more of what you really want on your screen and do less scrolling.While striking to look at, the Series 9 laptop also sets a premium performance standard. With startup speeds and an extremely fast resume from sleep, you'll get even more done and it leaves every other PC in the airport lounge or conference room behind.The Series 9 features a 128 GB solid state drive (SSD) that offers plenty of storage. And, with no moving parts, your data is more secure. It boots up 60 percent faster than a hard disk drive (HDD) and you'll use less power with faster data access. Fast Start Technology saves your data and system configurations to your hard drive and PC memory, so in an instant you can power back on right where you left off.The power of networking is important, but with the new Series 9 it's all about connections. The Series 9 is equipped with a full line of ports for ultimate connectivity--even a full size, masterfully designed SD card slot. And to keep you plugged into what's next, it also features mini Ethernet, HDMI and VGA connectors that are ready and set to go with an adapter dongle.The Series 9 delivers mobility and freedom with its power efficient performance and extensive battery life of up to 9 hours on this 13-inch model. Its advanced lithium-polymer battery and Samsung's innovation PowerPlus charging technology make the battery lifespan last up to three times longer than the typical notebook battery so you can keep going, without worrying how much battery life is left.Stop crowding around a laptop screen and enjoy all of your personal and online content on your big screen by wirelessly connecting your laptop to your TV. With Intel Wireless Display (WiDi), you can sit back and experience your favorite videos, photos, movies, online TV shows, and more--all with great image clarity up to 1080p.Simply connect an optional adapter for Intel Wireless Display (such as the Netgear Push2TV PTV2000 and Belkin ScreenCast adapters) to your TV, follow a few simple steps, and you're off and running. Set it up once, and sharing your screen is as easy as pushing a button.13.3-inch SuperBright Plus display with 1920 x 1080 resolution for native HD+ viewing (300-nit brightness; non-glare screen)2.0 GHz Intel Core i7-3537U ultra-low voltage, dual-core processor 128 GB solid state drive (SSD)4 GB of installed DDR3 RAM (1600 MHz; maximum capacity) Intel HD Graphics 4000 integrated graphics solution for everyday computing with support for Microsoft DirectX 11 games.1.3-megapixel HD webcamBuilt-in stereo speakers with 3 watts of power (1.5W x 2) and SoundAlive enhancementUp to 9 hours of battery life (6-cell battery; 3610 mAh)Dimensions and Weight: 12.3 x 8.6 x 0.51 inches (WxDxH); 2.55 poundsSeries 9 laptop with Full HD 13.3-inch screen (model NP900X3E-A02US), AC adapter, rechargeable battery, operating instructions1-year limited warranty on parts and labor.