Enjoy powerful performance and portability with the Samsung ATIV Book 9 (2014 Edition). Measuring a mere 0.63 inches thin, this sleek, lightweight Windows 8.1 laptop features a 15.6-inch Full HD touchscreen display, along with an Intel Core i7 processor for fast multitasking. A lossless audio player delivers studio-quality sound for music and movies. The long battery life--up to 8.8 hours*--lets you use the laptop wherever you are. Powerful Intel Core i7 processor and solid state drive easily handle demanding tasks.View larger.Light and thin design ensures maximum portability. View larger.Curved keycaps for comfortable typing; touchpad calibrated for precision. View larger.15.6-inch Full HD touchscreen display. View larger.Experience faster, better performance thanks to this laptop's 4th generation Intel Core i7 processor. The i7 delivers improved graphics, battery life, and security along with Intel Hyper-Threading Technology, which allows the processor core to work on two tasks simultaneously. This enables you to watch HD movies, create PowerPoint presentations, and multitask with ease while enjoying a display that is quick, crisp, and lifelike. Great for watching movies, playing online games, or simply browsing the Web, the ATIV Book 9 (2014 Edition) has a large 15.6-inch Full HD (1920x1080) touchscreen for exceptional picture quality and wide viewing angles. Capacitive touch technology allows you to take full advantage of Microsoft Windows 8.1 interactive features and get more done more quickly. The anti-reflective screen reduces glare so you can see more clearly.Up to 8.8 hours* of battery life on a single charge. View larger.The ATIV Book 9 (2014 Edition) offers up to 8.8 hours* of battery life on a single charge, allowing you to get work done on a plane or at a coffee shop, or use the laptop wherever you are, without worrying about finding an electrical outlet. Measuring just 0.63 inches thin, and weighing only 3.92 pounds, the ATIV Book 9 (2014 Edition) features a sleek aluminum shell that's light enough to take with you on the go, yet durable enough to withstand bumps and scrapes that can occur with everyday wear and tear. With the ATIV Book 9 (2014 Edition), you can enjoy an immersive audio experience, whether you're enjoying a YouTube video or listening to music while you're working. A lossless audio player and FLAC playback compatibility deliver sound the way it was originally recorded, without any loss in quality from audio compression. For good looks and optimal performance, the ATIV Book 9 (2014 Edition) sports a stylish, contemporary keyboard with gently curved key caps that cushion the fingertips while you're typing. The laptop's touchpad has been scientifically calibrated for precision and accuracy as well as fast response wakeup from Sleep Mode. To make it easy to connect a printer, an external keyboard or monitor, or other peripheral devices, the ATIV Book 9 (2014 Edition) comes equipped with two USB 3.0 ports and a USB 2.0 port, along with an HDMI port, a mini Ethernet port, a mini VGA port, and a headphone out/microphone-in combo port.This laptop comes installed with Microsoft Windows 8.1 (64-bit), has a 15.6-inch touchscreen display, and contains an Intel Core i7 processor and an Intel HD Graphics 4400 graphics card. It offers 8 GB of system memory and 256 GB of SSD storage. The laptop measures 0.63 by 14.74 by 9.84 inches (H x W x D) and weighs 3.92 pounds. Samsung ATIV Book 9 (2014 Edition) laptop computer, AC adapter, LAN dongle, Samsung Link software, Samsung SideSync software, S Player+ software, and S PhotoStudio software. *Based on MobileMark 2012 test scores that will vary based on configuration.Port info. View larger.Ultra-slim, incredibly strong aluminum body. View larger.